2014.3:
 * Version 3.4
 * Production updates to GTZ
 * Added SATA template for GTX and GTP
 * Removed logic to keep QPLL in powerdown till reference clock is available
 * Removed PCIE template

2014.2:
 * Version 3.3
 * Added support for rf900 package for defense-grade(XQ) Zynq 7045
 * Added logic to keep CPLL/QPLL in powerdown till reference clock is available
 * Fixed multiple reset issue for GTH/GTP.
 * Modified constraint files for false paths(Design Advisory 60356)

2014.1:
 * Version 3.2
 * Added support for Aartix35T, Aartix50T, Aartix75T
 * Fixed simulation issue for GTX Bufferbypass AUTO mode
 * Added support for XC7VH870T and XC7VH580T FLG package devices

2013.4:
 * Version 3.1
 * Reset FSM updates- removed the posedge detection logic for plllock
 * GTZ updates- added new line rate support and updated xdc file for the constraints
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports
 * Added support for Artix35t and Artix50t devices

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Updated GTH Attributes and QPLL range - Refer to AR 56332 and DS183
 * Updated GTZ Attributes and Clocking
 * Updated timing constraints (XDC) to resolve Critical Warnings and added support for out-of-context synthesis
 * Updated timing constraints for recovered clocks in IP level.For details, refer to Migrating section of Product Guide - pg168-gtwizard.pdf
 * Updated TX and RX FSM to fix MMCM lock synchronization and simulation issues (for all GTs)
 * GTX TX buffer bypass is enabled in both Manual & Auto modes for single lane as per UG476.
 * Added check in the GUI to disallow mixed encode/decode for TX and RX
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude Vivado Lab tools support for debug
 * Removed LPM and DFE Manual mode option from the GUI
 * Added checks to limit DRP frequency selection
 * Protocol templates updated for -- Display port, sRIO gen2, CEI6, Aurora 8B10b
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced Support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Updated clock synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from met stability
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources. For details, refer to Upgrading in Vivado Design Suite section of Product Guide - pg168-gtwizard.pdf
 * Added optional ports to enable transceiver core debug - Refer to pg168-gtwizard.pdf
 * Updated line rate ranges for A7 Wire bond package from 5.4G to 6.25G
 * Added support for XC7Z015 and XC7A75T
 * Moved clock constraints for the recovered clocks to core level xdc file from example design level
 * Added optional vivado (ILA and VIO) lab tools support for core debug in example design

2013.2:
 * Version 2.6
 * New Protocol Templates added for GTH - Interlaken
 * Updated Port and Attribute Settings to support GTX, GTH and GTP Production Silicon
 * Increased line rate support for GTZ Transceivers
 * Support for Asymmetrical data widths on TX and RX (core generation and implementation only, not supported in simulation)

2013.1:
 * Version 2.5
 * Native Vivado release
 * Support for Production Silicon for GTH and GTP.
 * New Protocol Templates added for GTH - SRIO multi lane, JESD204
 * New Protocol Templates added for GTP - JESD204

(c) Copyright 2010 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
